README.md, before:

# GitHub Release Downloader

<img src="/assets/screenshot.jpg" style="border-radius: 10px; width: 100%;">

GitHub Release Downloader is a Python-based command-line tool that allows you to download specific releases and files from a GitHub repository.

## Installation

You can install GitHub Release Downloader directly from the GitHub repository using pip:

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/ShinChven/gh-release-dl.git
```

## Upgrade

You can upgrade GitHub Release Downloader to the latest version using pip:

```bash
pip install --upgrade git+https://github.com/ShinChven/gh-release-dl.git
```

## Usage

After installation, you can use the `gh-release-dl` command to download releases. You will need to provide the URL of the GitHub repository as an argument:

```bash
gh-release-dl <GitHub repository URL>
```

The program will then fetch all releases from the provided GitHub repository. You will be prompted to select a release version, and then select a file from that release to download.

The selected file will be downloaded to the current working directory.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

feat: Enhance input flexibility and UI navigation
Added:
- Support using owner/repo format for repository input.
- Interactive loop allowing back navigation from assets to releases.
- Option to exit from the release selection menu.
- Option to go back from the asset selection menu.
- Default selection set in the release list.
- Improved error handling for no releases or assets found.
- Handling for user cancellation (Ctrl+C/D).

Changed:
- Updated README to reflect new input options.
- Modified release and asset selection logic.
- Bumped version to 0.2.0.

README.md, after:

# GitHub Release Downloader

<img src="/assets/screenshot.jpg" style="border-radius: 10px; width: 100%;">

GitHub Release Downloader is a Python-based command-line tool that allows you to download specific releases and files from a GitHub repository.

## Installation

You can install GitHub Release Downloader directly from the GitHub repository using pip:

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/ShinChven/gh-release-dl.git
```

## Upgrade

You can upgrade GitHub Release Downloader to the latest version using pip:

```bash
pip install --upgrade git+https://github.com/ShinChven/gh-release-dl.git
```

## Usage

After installation, you can use the `gh-release-dl` command to download releases. You will need to provide the GitHub repository URL or the repository name in `owner/repo` format as an argument:

```bash
gh-release-dl <GitHub repository URL or owner/repo>
```

The program will then fetch all releases from the provided GitHub repository. You will be prompted to select a release version, and then select a file from that release to download.

The selected file will be downloaded to the current working directory.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
